Now that we have the ability to return functions from our action creators,
let's go ahead and thunkify our goals component.
We will move all of this data fetching logic as well
as all of this data fetching logic to their own action creators.
So what we'll do here, is eventually,
we want to be able to call this.props.store.dispatch.
We'll make a brand new action creator.
We'll call it handleAddGoal and what it is
going to take in and again this is the functionality we need to do,
so we want to add the goal and then we want to
reset the input value to be an empty string.
So as the first argument,
we will pass in the goal itself which is just going to be this.input.value,
and then as the second argument,
we want a way to reset the input value to an empty string.
So what we can do is we can pass it a callback that will
just say this.input.value equals an empty string,
that way we can still do the same functionality from inside
of handleAddGoal but in order to get access to resetting the input value,
We will just invoke the second argument which is the callback function.
Now I'm going to copy all of this code and now let's head up to
our action creators and create this handleAddGoal action creator.
Right here, we will make a new function called handleAddGoal,
it's going to take in two things;
the name of the goal as well as the callback function.
Because we have some asynchronous stuff going on we want
to return a function that's going to be passed, dispatch.
Then now I'm going to paste in that logic that we saw earlier,
so we'll call it API.saveGoal.
Passing it, name.
Once that resolves then what we want to do
is call dispatch, dispatching the addGoalAction.
Passing in the goal we got back from the API and then instead of doing this.input.value,
we can just invoke our callback function that's passed in here as
the second argument to our handleAddGoal action creator.
That should work well.
The next thing we need to do as far as our Goals component is concerned
is move all of this logic to its own action creator.
We'll do something similar,
where we want to eventually create an action creator called,
we'll call it handleDeleteGoal,
and we will pass to it the goal and then I'm going to remove all of this and copy it,
and then up at our action creators.
Let's now make that call handleDeleteGoal is going to
take in the goal and again we want to return
a function here so we can get access to dispatch.
Then now we'll paste in all the functionality from
below but instead of calling this.props.store,
we can just invoke dispatch and everything else looks pretty good.
Now we can test this out.
Let's hit "Refresh" and then inside of
our goals component we should be able to add a new goal.
That looks good and then we should also be able to remove a goal.